{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 what do you expect readers to feel\'85\
what is this website for? It needs to be clearer\'85 It\'92s not that clear. what do you want your audience to focus on. \
swimmer mesmerizing, repetition\'85 creepy sad lonely dreamlike\'85 visuals beautiful. \
\
book should be published on it\'92s own\'85 closet\'85 like Harry Potter\'97it felt like Harry Potter. otherwise completely original \
\
fun website.. piece of art. interesting\'85 alice in wonderland\'85 weird stories don\'92t make sense. humour\'85 if it didn\'92t make sense that was part of its appeal.\
\
Art is good\'85 beautiful. makes sense when not sure how or why it makes sense. What is the monster? The art work carries you through\'85 How does it tie into the novel\'85\
\
Opening on fiction\'85 really liked. biography of the artist\'85. when you\'92re a kid, and sense of exploration\'85. fun. How does it add to the novel? especially the picturebook\
\
book beautiful. The story had more words than necessary.  A few spelling, grammar mistakes\'85 sheep\'85 a children\'92s book museum, brave in black and white. Fewer words on a page (or make more pages\'85) closet didn\'92t resonate, and claustrophobic, }